(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) If you're interested in this lecture, please
check my other videos.
Summer has come again this year Summer, summer,
summer, summer A big wave is coming, a
small wave is coming I'll make you
a drink I'll ride the south wind
A big butt, a small butt I'll
make you a drink Nagi-s
abe Puri-puri-p
uri-puri-puri-
puri Ha-ha-ha-
ha-ha-haha I'll
ride the south wind Ha-ha-
ha-ha-ha-ha N
agi-sabe Purupuru Nag
i-sabe Puri-p
uri Dassen
Bousou Daibakutou!
In this area, especially in our jurisdiction, there
are a lot of traffic accidents.
That's why, next week, in this area,
a traffic safety guidance workshop will be held.
On that day, all of you will participate
as a guide.
So, I'll give you some guidance ideas
that are easy for the children to understand.
There are a lot of traffic accidents, so
it's troublesome, isn't it, Ryo
-tsu?
That's right.
Like someone who breaks the speed limit on
a bicycle.
I don't like that.
Like someone who ignores the traffic lights
because it's a bicycle.
I don't like that either.
Like someone who rushes into a shop
keeper's shop on a bicycle and destroys
the storefront.
I don't like that either.
Like someone who makes a plastic model and
doesn't listen to what people say.
I don't like that either.
You're a fool!
I'm talking about you!
I'm listening!
I'm making a plastic model for the
sake of mental unity!
Don't be ridiculous!
Do you think that helix is that
easy?
It's the same as making black tea!
Don't compare a plastic model to black
tea!
What's going to happen to the
traffic safety?
I don't know.
Anyway, think of an idea to prevent traffic
accidents by the end of the class.
Got it?
I'm not kidding.
An idea to prevent accidents?
It's simple.
Everyone has to get in the car, right?
We're busy making models.
Damn it.
Um...
Excuse me.
Yes?
What can I do for you?
Um...
Is Ryo-chan here?
Oh, it's you, Honda!
It's been a while.
Are you Ryo-chan's junior?
Nice to meet you.
I'm Honda from the traffic police.
Actually, I'm going to be in the
same class as you, so...
I'd like to say hello to you
today.
Wow, it looks delicious!
This is a chocolate cake I baked.
Thank you.
Hey, Surara-chan's face is
cute, isn't it?
Surara-chan?
She's the main character of the anime.
The girl in the park, Surara, is
pretty popular right now.
The voice of Surara-chan, voice
actor Katsuragi Maya-chan,
is super cute, too.
Stop it today.
But...
Damn it!
Hey!
It's nice to meet you!
This is a place of rampage!
Stop it!
I can't stop it!
Hey!
Stop it!
I'm scared!
They're going crazy.
Are you chasing Komachi and Naoko?
It's a super mini-car!
It's no good!
The performance of the machine is different!
It's no good.
I can't catch up with them.
I don't care if it's a
remodeled motorcycle.
Honda!
Hey, you came by motorcycle today, didn't
you?
Yes, I always ride a motorcycle.
All right, Honda, you go after them.
I'm scared.
I'm a little...
Just ride a motorcycle!
Why?
If you're here, it's a battle.
It's impossible for Honda-san.
It's no good!
Anyway, ride it!
Stop it, Ryo-chan.
I feel sorry for Honda-san.
It's too fast!
I don't want to!
I knew it.
All
right,
let's go!
Who is this guy?
I'm Honda.
I'm the late Honda.
What a great technique!
Are you ready, Ryo-chan's
boss?
Yes.
Let's go!
What's wrong with him?
He's not the same as before.
It's gone!
What was that?
It looked like a white bird.
It's a cabaret of the
second dimension.
It's an exhaust note that shakes the
soul.
The heart is always very hot!
I'm getting goosebumps!
Hey!
The cockroaches have caught up!
Oh no!
It's a white bird!
Do you think you can run away from
me?
Stop, you bastard!
What?
What is this?
What's going on?
You're late, ladies.
Mr. Honda sent us here.
Wow!
It's so cool!
What is this?
Could it be...
Mr. Honda?
Yes, that's right!
Honda used to be a gang.
Now he's a traffic police officer.
But when he rides a motorcycle, his personality
changes drastically.
On the street, he's known as the
devil of two wheels.
He's feared by everyone.
The devil of two wheels?
The engine has warmed up.
Mr. Honda, do you want to go for
another run?
Yes, let's go!
The devil of two wheels?
No way!
Wasn't the traffic light red?
I don't know.
It's not a violation if you can
't find it.
Oh, I found it.
He's trying to run away He's
stubborn.
It's hot, baby!
Don't you have to stop?
I have to stop.
What are you doing?
I'm going to shoot you!
Hey, driver!
What are you doing?
Ignore the traffic light.
Oh, no!
Hey, move the car!
But the engine...
What?
Is it my fault?
No, it's...
Do you have a problem with that?
You idiot!
You're a violator, but
you broke three motorcycles and one car.
And you caused a big traffic jam.
What kind of person are you?
I'm sorry.
You're a big deal.
Well, Mr. Honda, I'm sorry.
You're the one who turned off the
engine, right?
No, I didn't.
He said he wanted to go for another
run.
I didn't say that.
But Mr. Ryotsu told you to
go.
No, I didn't.
I didn't do that.
Well, you're the one who died.
No, I didn't.
No more questions!
Ryotsu, I'll give you 10
0 poisoning kits to keep you
safe.
I'm sorry.
Poison everything Ouch!
Do I have to read all of this?
It's done!
1750 horsepower, two-stage, three-
speed engine, with a large output engine.
A masterpiece produced by Germany, which has crossed
the European skies.
Junkers Jumo 213H.
Also known as Tank 152.
Hey, old man.
Are you studying traffic safety?
If you don't read the book, the
manager will get mad at you again.
I can't read this kind of stuff.
Don't play with dolls like that.
I'm not playing.
The manager asked me to make it.
I'm going to use it for tomorrow
's traffic safety training.
I'm going to hit a car with
a doll that looks like Ryo-
chan and do a traffic accident experiment.
What?
Hit a car with a doll that looks
like Ryo-chan?
A doll that looks like Ryo-
chan?
I won't let you do that!
That's what that stubborn manager is thinking.
He's going to turn my grudge
into a doll and make me angry.
Who's stubborn?
That stubborn manager.
No, no, no.
He's saying he wants to eat the
stubborn man.
He's so pathetic and boring.
No, no, no.
He's so energetic and I'm so
glad.
You said you were going to read the
book, the traffic safety training, for tomorrow's
training, right?
That's right.
I'm sure you'll come tomorrow, Y
otsu.
Of course.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
I wonder if I'll be able to
sleep tonight.
I'm going to make you do a
lot of good work.
What's with that creepy laugh?
Is Yotsu still not here?
He ran away, didn't he, Almina?
I'm sure he'll come.
Even if he complains, he won't
disobey you.
It's that guy.
He looks calm even when he's late.
Maybe he skipped class.
I'm sure he'll come with a
smile on his face.
I don't like his attitude.
Don't be so...
I'm sorry I'm late, Chief!
What were you doing, Yotsu?
What time do you think it is?
It's not my fault that the alarm
stopped suddenly.
Besides, my bike broke down and the bus
didn't come.
I had no choice but to run all
the way here.
It's true!
You idiot!
Don't blame others for everything!
Chief, the general public is watching.
I guess it can't be helped.
The alarm broke and the bus was late.
You've been studying the traffic rules, haven
't you, Yotsu?
Of course I have!
I've been studying the traffic safety rules
from head to toe!
He's laughing!
Don't make fun of me!
Chief, don't make fun of him!
It's a good and nice idea to
teach everyone about the traffic rules.
It's okay.
You have your own role.
What are you up to, Chief?
I'm helping out, too.
It looks like it's going to be
a scary traffic safety week.
I wonder if it'll be okay.
We work day and night to protect the
public from traffic accidents and crimes.
I thought I'd be done by the
time you got here.
Let's start the next operation.
Hey, Honda!
Can you hear me?
I can't do that.
Besides, I'm on patrol.
I'm a little sluggish, but
...
Are you not listening to me?
Okay, I'll go.
All right, all right.
It can't be helped.
Wait a minute, Mr. Ryosu!
I'd like to take this opportunity to
...
It's not a karaoke for old men.
How long are you going to hold the
microphone?
I'll feel better if I hold it.
What can I do for you?
Get ready for the good boys' corner.
Good boys!
You're small, so it's hard to
see you from the driver's seat.
Please be careful.
Yes!
Boss, you're mad at me for showing
off.
When you cross the pedestrian crossing, raise your
hand and cross it.
Yes!
I'm going to throw up!
It's dangerous!
I don't know when the car will
jump out like this.
Let's be careful.
Yes!
Next is a bicycle accident, which is common
among elementary school students.
A bicycle accident is a traffic accident caused
by a truck.
Let's reenact the scene here.
Damn it!
What's so sad that I have to
dress like this?
Hey!
You can't call me an elementary school
student.
Kankichi-kun!
I'm sorry.
All right, all right.
In the case of a left turn, In
the case of a right turn, Please be
careful of bicycles, especially large trucks.
At intersections like this, when a large truck
turns, Mr. Nairin may hit this
boy or this boy.
I'm going to use this boy to
practice, so please watch carefully.
Boss!
Don't hit me!
I'm not the boss.
I'm the driver of a large truck.
You have to act well, elementary school student.
All right, everyone.
Please pay attention to this guy.
Then I will act.
Mr. Nairin, when the car turns,
The rear tire slides inwards.
In this case, I will definitely pull that
boy.
Go!
Damn it!
I can't get caught in the boss
's trap so easily!
Please take a look.
Mr. Nairin comes out here and
hits the boy.
Boss!
I'm not the boss!
He dodged it on purpose.
At this rate, my position will be...
Damn it, Ryo-tsu!
Yes, that was a good example of how
to escape like this.
But if you think you can escape every
time, you're wrong.
Next, next is the real thing.
Take a look, Ryo-tsu.
I won't miss this time.
That's all for the fun.
I'll run away as many times as
I want.
I won't let the boss do as
he wants.
Let's go!
You need to be careful when you run
parallel to the truck.
Hey!
The bicycle runs faster than the truck!
Yes, it's to survive the traffic war!
Ouch!
Like this, it's not always that the
truck will run parallel to you.
Everyone, please be careful.
Everyone, don't do it!
Damn it!
The truck jumps, spins, and rushes in.
How can it run parallel to me?
That's why!
It's like a child's fight.
I don't think it's a traffic
safety lesson.
Let's survive the traffic war, which we
don't know what will happen.
Yes!
Don't you know what will happen?
You're telling me, aren't you?
I'll teach you the meaning of
those words, boss!
Next is a 50cc motorcycle accident, which
happened to a woman.
Even though it's a 50cc scooter,
it's pretty fast, so please try to
ride it safely.
Thank you for waiting.
Huh?
Boss!
Please show me a good example of safe
driving.
Okay.
I've been waiting for this moment.
Now, get in!
Get in!
Be careful.
You're up to something, aren't you?
First, you should stand still.
Of course, don't forget to wear a
helmet.
Before you start the engine and start running,
make sure to...
Ouch, ouch, ouch!
Help me!
What's going on?
It started running on its own!
The handlebars and brakes aren't working!
Everyone!
This is a bad example of safe driving!
This scooter has been modified so that it
can be controlled by this radio controller.
What's going on?
What's wrong with this scooter?
Now!
Honda!
Get in!
Roger!
I'm driving very safely today, too!
Honda!
Why are you here?
I'll show you how to drive!
It's all your fault!
Everyone, please don't drive like this.
Help me!
No one's listening.
They're all staring at Honda.
You idiots!
Honda!
Show us how to drive safely!
Now, let's see how this ugly doll
can drive in an even more dangerous situation.
Damn it!
Chief, you're trying to make a fool
of me, aren't you?
As you can see, even at a mere
20 kilometers per hour, there's a considerable
amount of damage.
Now, let's speed up and see how
far this doll can go.
Poor little doll!
It's as if I'm the one
who's in pain!
Chief.
Huh?
Are you sure you don't have to
say anything?
No.
I'm not the kind of guy who
would say anything!
Now, let's speed up to 60 kilometers
per hour.
Now, will that doll be able to hold
on?
Even though it's a doll, I'm
a little worried.
I don't care.
Take this!
Wait a minute!
Hey, the motorcycle's coming down from the
sky!
I don't know what's going to
happen, but it's a traffic war, isn
't it, Chief?
Damn you!
You're trying to get in the way
of the training session, aren't you?
Go!
Nakagawa!
Yes!
Damn you!
What are you doing?
Can't you catch up?
I can't.
If I do this, the motorcycle will have
an advantage.
What are you doing?
Hurry up and move on!
I can't.
There's oil on the roadside.
I can't move forward or turn.
What the hell?
Get out of the way!
Hey, look!
Traffic wars are scary, aren't they?
There's oil on the roadside all
of a sudden, isn't there?
Damn you, Ryotsu!
All right!
Let's finish this at once!
Are you sure, Mr. Ryotsu?
Why are you so scared?
If you're going to do it, do
it thoroughly!
OK!
Let's do it!
Let's dance!
Let's rock!
Let's do it!
Damn you!
What the hell are they?
Ryotsu!
What the hell is going on?
It's hard to watch!
Let's do it!
He's doing it!
Yes!
He's doing it at double speed!
He's doing it at full speed!
Did you see that?
If you do it, you can do it!
This is the basic of the world!
No, it's not!
Damn you!
Come on!
The training session isn't over yet!
Thank you for your hard work.
The training session is over.
Now, we'll have the last performance.
Two police officers who are determined to win
will challenge each other to a shock test.
Please don't try this at home.
Do it, Nakano!
Go all out at 100 km!
Are you sure?
I don't care!
Do it!
Chief!
Help me!
I'm sorry!
I'm not a dummy doll!
We did it!
Tomorrow, we'll have a party at Nak
agawa's house!
It's the birthday party of the prince
of the Honda Kingdom!
It's at Nakagawa's house!
There's no doubt that we'll have
a feast!
All right!
I won't eat anything from now on!
I'm going to eat to my heart
's content!
Next time, we'll have a look at
Nakagawa's otaku!
Don't miss it!